(Episode 15)
Why is it so quiet?
In 15 days,
our army will reach Hanyang.
My heart is still in pain.
Hey.
What is wrong?
I heard something here.
There is nothing here.
Let us go.
I think it's aortic stenosis.
I'll be there in five minutes.
Reserve an operation room and call Professor Jung.
Please.
Master Heo's house.
Yeon Yi was there.
Hey.
Master Heo.
Mak Gae.
I saw Yeon Yi...
that time...
at the room where I was treated.
Mak Gae.
Why is this here?
(Emergency Room)
Yeon Kyung.
Are you okay?
Grandpa.
Are you awake?
Do you know where this is?
Why am I here?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
It's nothing. Don't make a fuss.
It's nothing?
Who knows what would've happened?
You could've died suddenly, and that's nothing?
You're too loud.
You're hurting my ears.
Did you already know about this?
But why didn't you tell me?
You're embarrassing me.
I'm going home.
You can't.
Stay still.
We're going to do surgery right away.
Surgery?
What are you talking about?
I'm the doctor here.
Listen to me.
- Let's go to the operation room. - I reserved an operation room,
but Professor Jung is in Incheon, so he wants to do it tomorrow.
Did you tell him that it was urgent?
I did.
I'll call him.
Let me go home.
Pass the bridge over the stream and go north 2km.
If you go northwest for 30 minutes,
you will see an abandoned house.
Who is it?
Mak Gae.
Dr. Heo.
You are alive.
It is a relief that you are safe.
Are you hurt anywhere?
I am okay.
You do not look good.
I am okay. What about the royal physician?
Is he okay?
He is okay.
These people have been wounded by the Japanese soldiers.
When my brother brings those who are still alive,
Master Heo treats them.
Hello.
You must have received the message I sent you.
You should go inside.
Did you not come here to see Yeon Yi?
Dr. Heo.
Oh, my. Oh, my.
Mister.
I am sorry...
that I came too late and made you wait.
And...
thank you for holding on for so long.
Just wait a little longer. I will cure you.
What happened to you?
It is convulsion.
Her stomach is weak while her liver is all right.
But they do not seem to have been caused by her illness.
You are right.
It is too much for a little child.
Her family had lived in the mountains...
where they hunted wild animals.
While her father went out to hunt,
her mother was raped by...
a group of bandits.
And the child saw her mother...
hanging herself.
I have tried my best,
but you are the only one who can save the child.
But seeing as she has been holding out so well,
your medicine must have given her a will to live.
Do you think you can do it?
I will try to do everything I can.
She has a deep wound in her heart. It will not be easy.
Who is this?
It is you.
Kill him.
We must have been destined to meet.
Why can't I go home?
If a patient wants to go home,
you should let him.
Can a doctor force me to stay?
If you have the surgery, you can live healthier and longer.
Why won't you have the surgery?
I've lived long enough.
Why would I have to live longer?
Living too long can be tiring.
There's a different reason to this.
Tell me what it is.
Why are you doing this?
I haven't been a good father.
I let my son and his wife die earlier than me.
I don't deserve to have surgery...
and live longer.
I am a doctor, and yet,
I didn't even care for my son's feelings.
I couldn't even save his wife.
And I let my precious granddaughter...
lose her parents at such an early age.
I don't deserve to live longer.
Now you know the reason, let me go.
Then what about me?
Don't you care about me?
I don't have parents nor siblings.
If I don't have you,
I would really be alone.
Can you really...
leave me behind?
While I am gone, look after Grandfather.
My grandfather? Why?
Yeon Kyung.
I heard your grandfather fainted. Is he all right?
I...
don't deserve this.
I don't deserve this.
He would be better after the surgery.
I am sorry...
about my grandfather.
You don't need to apologize.
You didn't do anything wrong.
And this isn't because of that.
I heard that you helped persuade...
Mr. Park. Thank you.
It was nothing.
But why isn't Heo Im here?
Well,
he went somewhere.
Where?
Did he...
go back to Joseon?
Is he gone for good?
No.
He will come back.
He told me that he will.
If you didn't leave for good, why did he have to leave now?
There's nothing important there.
Jae Ha.
It's about something important.
It's important for both of us.
There's someone he has to save.
He can't...
let her down this time.
He stabbed himself...
so that he could go and save her.
I am lucky...
that I met you again today.
I never lose my prey.
If you want me, I am willing to die.
Let us go somewhere else. This is...
Shut your mouth. Are there Joseon people inside?
- Search the house. - Yes, sir.
Wait.
There are patients inside.
These are doctors who care for these patients.
I know that we are in war,
but you cannot harm doctors and patients.
That has nothing to do with me.
What is going on?
There are Japanese soldiers.
Japanese soldiers?
You scumbags.
My goodness! Who is this?
- He... He is... - Is that you, Heo Im?
- Why are you... - Over there.
- There! - Wait a minute.
I need to kill these men.
Gosh, I am sick of these jerks.
It took little more time than usual today.
Dr. Heo!
Hi, are you there yet?
How is Grandpa?
Is he not there?
He's not at home.
He might come home, so I'll stay here.
Do you know a place he might be at?
Can you think of somewhere?
I don't know.
Where else would Mr. Choi be?
He doesn't have any other family.
Family...
Family.
I hoped you could succeed me...
and take charge of the clinic.
Even if you are my son,
I could not make you do something as I want.
You couldn't do it.
I shouldn't have pressured you that much.
Still,
no parent in this world...
thinks that his child is useless.
You were never...
a useless child to me.
To pay back my karma,
I've lived as a doctor so far.
It's because when I meet you later,
I want to feel less sorry.
I have Yeon Kyung here.
For Yeon Kyung,
I want to be...
little greedy about living. Can I do that?
Even if I meet you little bit late,
can you understand that?
Dad.
I'm sorry...
to take away time you can spend with Grandpa.
Instead,
I'll do my best...
on the homework you left for me.
I did many bad things to Grandpa.
I need to pay him back so much.
So...
please grant me some time.
May I...
let Grandpa go little bit later?
Grandpa.
Grandpa!
It seems that I saved you, Dr. Heo. Right?
How come you are...
Well, I am one of the loyal troops now.
My goodness! Hey! Did you get hit?
- Gosh. - Oh my!
Be careful.
It is a light wound.
Goodness gracious!
Do you have liquidambar formosana and old pine tree bark?
I ran out of what I brought here.
I am feeling helpless now.
What shall we do?
Where can we get medicinal herbs at this late hour?
You saw how I did it, right?
Mak Gae, go and bring that lady's bag.
- What? - Hurry.
Yes.
What are all these?
A great doctor left it here for you.
It will be over soon.
It will be all right.
Now, I will apply acupuncture to relieve extravasated blood.
Hold this.
After you left like that the other day,
I could not sleep for days.
I'm sorry that I asked you that kind of a favor.
By the way, what in the world happened that day?
I stabbed you right,
and then suddenly, you disappeared in front of me.
What happened to you?
You said you were going north.
Well...
What is the use of going alone?
I do not know anyone there.
I do not have a family I need to take care of.
How did you get to hold a sword in your hand?
Even the king and those who are called ministers...
are running away leaving the people behind.
We need to protect ourselves. Do you not think so?
I was to die in vain anyway, but you saved my life.
If I can save several people's lives and die,
my mom and brother will say, "My Doo Chil, glad you are here!"
"You did a good job!"
They will compliment me like that.
Still, it would be nothing...
compared to what you did and the lives you saved.
Well, if I had not been born as a servant,
I could have learned medical techniques.
Then I would have saved lives like you do, Dr. Heo.
You are awesome.
Let us go.
Okay.
I do not know whether I will die today or tomorrow.
I was worried that I might die before I repay your kindness.
I guess my mom and brother helped me...
to repay your kindness before I meet them.
I paid it back, right?
Yes. Thank you.
You keep saving many lives, Dr. Heo.
I will keep protecting many lives.
If we stay alive and meet again,
let us get along well like brothers.
I guess I am younger than you.
I doubt that.
Let us say goodbye and go now.
- Yes! - Yes!
I hope you stay healthy.
Professor Jung is...
considered a very competent doctor in this field.
Don't worry about anything.
Relax and think that you're only going to...
take some sound sleep.
I want you to do it for me.
What?
My granddaughter is a doctor who saves people.
Why would I leave my life...
up to a stranger?
- Grandpa. - Why?
Are you not confident?
Forget it if you aren't confident.
No, Grandpa.
I'll do it.
I'll operate on you.
You've done...
nothing wrong to me.
Don't think about such a thing.
I was able to live...
thanks to you.
Thanks to...
my precious granddaughter.
Tell me...
what my heart looks like...
after the surgery.
Okay.
I'll take a look at it...
and make sure to tell you...
if it's ugly or good-looking.
Do you remember the beautiful lady...
whom you met last time?
Yes.
The lady is...
good at keeping her promise.
She does whatever it takes to keep her promise.
That lady has sent me to you...
so that I can save you and keep my promise with you.
But there is one problem.
It cannot be done by my will only.
It is only possible if you help me.
Can you help me...
with your heart?
All right. Then let us gather our strength...
and pull this off together.
- How is his vital sign? - It's clear.
Let's do this.
Thank you in advance.
Min Jae.
- Let's do this. - All right.
You saved so many lives with your hands.
It is the gift which your father left you with.
Thoracic Surgeon, Choi Yeon Kyung.
Commencing the aortic valve replacement operation.
Scalpel.
Make sure...
you save that child.
Please...
watch me.
You're...
watching me, right?
I'll place the aortic valve clamp now.
Slow down.
Get the cardioplegic solution ready.
There's serious calcification on his aortic valve.
We must be careful...
not to damage the aortic valve when we remove it.
Give me the Kelly clamp.
The valve, please.
Min Jae.
Be careful not to entangle the string.
Now, I will apply acupuncture on your wrist.
It is to let go of...
the painful moment and the part of your soul...
which is still tied up in that moment.
I'll remove the clamp now.
One, Two, Three.
You did well.
There's Director Ma.
Is that Director Ma?
Did you bribe an oriental doctor to fabricate the medical accident?
Why did you do such a thing?
- Please say a word. - Excuse me.
- Please say a word. - Director Ma.
- Do you admit to it? - Sir.
You were known as the modern Heo Jun until now.
Please say a word to the disappointed public.
Do you admit to your deed?
- Director Ma. - Say a word.
- Why did you do it? - Say a word.
- Director Ma. - Hold on.
- Why did you do it? - Director Ma.
Hello? Chairman Yang, it's me.
There's no way I'd do such a thing.
It's all a conspiracy.
Yes, Chairman Park. Please help me this once.
You can't do this to me.
Hello, Chairman Min.
It's Ma Seong Tae.
Who are you?
You will also be in trouble...
if I go public.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I heard the board of directors there will announce something soon.
Was it about the dismissal of the current hospital director?
Wait. What do you mean?
Chairman Min.
It's my fault.
You're the only one to help me.
Chairman Min.
Hello?
No.
Heo Im, you punk. I'm going to kill you.
You probably won't be able to do that.
He...
went back to Joseon.
He's moving...
back and forth of his own will now.
He returned because he had to save a patient.
He even endured...
the pain of stabbing his own heart.
He stabbed what?
What?
He's doing crazy things now.
Grandpa,
did you ever do something like that as a doctor in your life?
Did you ever...
endure pain and getting hurt...
to save a single person?
What do you want...
to tell me?
When the ones you had trust in turn their backs on you...
When you become alone,
call me then.
You're the only one...
I have now.
(Director's room)
Mister.
Yes, did you wake up?
Are you better now?
Yes, I am okay.
You did a good job.
Thank you.
Doctor.
Yeon Yi.
Father.
Father is here.
You are saved now.
You are saved.
Doctor Heo.
Thank you.
Do not mention it.
I am sorry.
No.
Not only did you save Yeon Yi,
you also saved me.
I was going to follow Yeon Yi...
if something bad happened to her.
You saved...
Yeon Yi and I.
Thank you so much.
Do not mention it.
Yeon Yi.
You went through a lot.
Oh, my.
Why did you not follow the king?
Being next to the king is the safest in times like this.
Why are you here then?
That world is safer.
Why is Yeon Yi staying with you?
Are you angry because I took care...
of the child you neglected and abandoned?
After you left,
I found out what happened later...
and searched for her.
I did not think that you would be able to live as a doctor...
when you came back here...
if something happened to her.
Do you still think I will return?
That is something you should ask yourself.
Why are you asking me that?
I heard this was yours.
That is not mine.
That stayed with me temporarily.
I do not know the secrets of that case.
Such as when it started to exist,
and how it ended up to someone.
But...
I also gained the chance to become a doctor again...
thanks to that case.
That is all I know.
I think it is because I had to protect.
That is my guess.
Protect?
Doctors are rare at this time.
Especially talented doctors.
There must be a reason why that case chose you...
especially when we are at war.
If my guess is right,
you must know the meaning and value of your skills.
Above all, medicine is hard to acquire and usually expensive.
But acupuncture only needs moxa and needles.
It is a perfect treatment...
for the people who are poor.
You said you would not take any memories from here with you.
You returned on your own will to save a child at this dangerous time.
That choice was not wrong.
What are these patterns?
You must have been through a lot.
It signifies the enlightenment you found...
and the progress of your change as a doctor.
I have not seen this before.
It must be time.
Grandpa, it was hard for me to do surgery.
So live a long...
and healthy life...
with me.
I thought my precious granddaughter...
was good at saving people.
But I was wrong.
What?
She's a doctor that's also good at healing the minds.
Grandpa.
Did he also know?
He...
asked to take care of you before he left.
I was almost in big trouble with him.
He would've scolded me for not protecting you.
Yeon Kyung.
You once said you wanted to become an oriental medicine doctor.
But when you said you were going to medical school,
I wasn't sad at all.
You don't have to work next to me,
or work at Haeminseo.
Be aside people...
who need you.
Save them,
and heal them.
It doesn't matter as long as you're a good doctor.
I now know that this is the place...
you're supposed to be.
People shine...
and be their true selves...
when they are at the place...
they belong.
Where do you think his boyfriend is?
I'm not sure. Why isn't he here?
I wonder why he isn't here at a time like this.
Maybe he broke up with her?
Be quiet.
Punk.
It's been a while now.
- Did he go somewhere? - Will he ever be back?
- Let's go. - Gosh.
Are you saying...
I cannot go to the other world when the time comes?
Whether you choose to stay here or there,
you will have to make a decision at the end.
Which way you choose, it will come to an end soon.
Mister.
Why did you wait for me?
Because you promised me.
Did you trust that promise?
I was trusted by someone after all.
Mister.
I want to be a doctor when I grow up.
A doctor?
Why? Whom do you want to treat?
Sick children like me.
I want to treat them like you did to me.
I know that there is a war going on right now.
There are a lot of sick children.
It would be great if I was a doctor now.
I need more time to grow up.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
I shall come back right away...
even if I happen to go to Joseon.
Do not worry about it ever again.
Count to 200.
I shall come back before the end of the count.
One.
Two.
Three.
I'm counting too fast.
I should do it again.
One.
Two.
I would have learned how to treat others...
if I had not been born as a slave.
I know that there is a war going on right now.
There are a lot of sick children.
Now is the time of war.
There must be a reason why that container chose you.
I'll keep it in my heart.
Your true self.
Then tell me.
What did you have in mind...
when you cared for and treated those people...
even though you wouldn't benefit from it?
There are so many stars in the sky here.
There were so many stars in the sky in Joseon.
The sky was so dark...
in Seoul.
There aren't any here.
Is it Jae Sook?
[VIU Ver] Episode 15 Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name
"Thank You For Returning"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hi, Yeon Kyung. Good morning.
I am making rice balls at the moment.
I shall make you as many as I was supposed to while I was away.
Wait a little.
I told you to wait a little. You are so quick-tempered.
Did you save...
Yeon Yi?
Thanks to you, I did.
Thank goodness.
Whom else did you save?
I treated Doo Chil and his army colleagues...
thanks to you.
Doo Chil has become a soldier.
He swung that sward of his so recklessly...
that the Japanese soldiers were knocked out.
Did you encounter Japanese soldiers again?
What about Mak Gae?
How is she?
She was...
in men's clothes again.
She said she felt more comfortable in those clothes.
How is Master Heo Jun?
Is he well?
That old man.
He must worry about you so much,
but he never expressed it.
And?
I missed you.
(Shinhae Hospital)
Why did you have to go through such a thing when I was away?
Things must've been more of a hectic if you had been here.
Yeon Kyung made all the fuss.
It was so embarrassing.
She must've suffered a lot.
You brat.
You were worried about her, not me.
Is it not obvious?
She is my first priority.
Brat, I fed you and provided you a place to stay.
I worked without any pay.
There you go.
87 dollars. Are you never going to pay that back to me?
Take her out and feed her something.
She must be exhausted from worrying about me...
for a few days.
You made the right decision to go through a surgery.
I feel much at ease now.
Not to mention...
that you suffered physically there,
but seeing how you look so drawn,
you must have been through a lot.
And it seems like you've finished everything you needed to do.
Yeon Kyung...
is strong.
You should...
take care of your own heart.
Let's have rice balls together.
I do not need to eat.
When I ate them in Joseon, it looked really nice.
I was in a hurry because I wanted to come here quickly.
I am sorry.
It's still delicious.
That's a relief.
You should eat slowly.
I told you to eat slowly.
I...
Gosh, are you all right?
You should have been careful.
Usually, boyfriends open these cans for their girlfriends.
I am sorry.
I am not used to them yet.
How is Joseon?
The Japanese soldiers have conquered Hanyang.
How about the people?
I saw people who could not run away...
being killed mercilessly.
But I could not do anything...
but watch like a fool.
That must have...
hurt a lot.
And while I was just watching, a doctor chose to go...
the rough path instead of an easier path.
A servant pulled out his sword in order to protect others.
And a child...
was more concerned about other kids than herself.
That is how it is like in Joseon.
But here,
people are still busy, and there are...
still so much fine dust here.
These two worlds are so different.
I have something I need to tell you.
Yes? It's Choi Yeon Kyung.
Yes, I'll be right back.
It's from the emergency room.
You should go.
It could be something urgent.
I am fine. You should go.
You should go.
Are you leaving?
There is someone I need to see.
Have you made your decision?
If you come back, you will not be able to go back.
What's wrong with him?
He's having difficulty breathing.
How is he doing?
May I try?
Then...
can I try?
People need to be...
where they belong.
That's where they belong...
and shine the most.
I do not know what more is left,
but it is still in my hands.
I wonder what awaits me...
at the end of this strange destiny.
Life.
Gosh, you are here.
I must have fallen asleep.
Do you want to go somewhere?
Let's go to a place in Seoul that has the most people.
- Is this your first time? - It is.
This...
Look at that.
When did people make this?
I don't know.
But when its color is blue,
it means that the weather is nice today.
Look at the mirror.
Say it loudly.
I love you.
Four.
You got everything.
I succeeded!
Im...
and Kyung.
Im and Kyung.
I have something to tell you.
I do not think I will be able to tell you if it is not now.
I am sorry.
Thank you...
for returning.
for letting me say...
goodbye to you.
Now, you should go back to...
where you should be.
I will protect Seoul.
You should protect Joseon.
Let's...
go separate ways now.
Let's.
For real.
(Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name)
My world where I left you by yourself.
Thank you for being with me on this strange destiny.
How many deaths...
have you faced today?
I cannot stop this journey...
because there are people...
who do not give up and wait for me.
Are you okay?
Are you doing okay?